Just begun, unfinished.

The idea is this: display a complete listing of rentals near a given location color coded by price per room. Why? This is really the only thing students care about when conducting a search for a rental online 1. How close to uni. 2. How cheap per room.

You will only be able to log in with an .edu, .edu.au, .ac.uk address, so the information about comparatively cheap places is not given to real estate agents who may then raise prices.

Plans are to integrate a 'pain threshold' slider in Javascript to clear the map to be just the cheapest, or raise the budget slightly. I also plan to add a circle layer to the map that is click and dragable to expand the distance from university if a student finds the location unsuitable.

The reason I chose the Nestoria API is because I found it to have more listings than RealEstate.com.au and Domain.com.au COMBINE. So it offered a more complete picture of what was available. I haven't tested this for other locations. 

FUNCTIONALITY AT PRESENT: 
	      Query a location within a 5km radius
	      Return an incomplete set of listings
	      Markers list locations with price per room

You must have Flask installed in your python path. If you have installed python setup-tools, the command is 'sudo easy_install flask'.

HOW TO USE:
The idea is that 'http://some.url/Oxford University' will serve a map displaying rentals by their color-coded expense per-room close to Oxford University. This should work for any location across the UK, with other locations to be added later.

Currently I will be serving this on cheaprents.in so that 'cheaprents.in/Oxford University' shows the rental expense near Oxford University.

Note that Flask serves on port 5000 when in testing mode, so you will need to direct your browser to http://<someurl>:5000/<location_requested> when testing, where <someurl> maybe the local machine (127.0.0.1) or a remote server. To make sure it is viewable from outside of the machine you are at, change the address it is served on from 127.0.0.1 to 0.0.0.0